have you met Archimedes the one with the
black spots you see you remember
Archimedes of Syracuse ah the King asks
Archimedes to determine if a present his
received is actually solid gold unsolved
problem at the time it tortures the
great Greek mathematician for weeks
insomnia haunts him and he twists and
turns in his bed for nights on end
finally he's equally exhausted wife
she's forced to share a bed with this
genius convinces him to take a bath to
relax while he's entering the tub
Archimedes no this is the bath water
rise displacement a way to determine
volume and thus a way to determine
density weight over volume and thus
Archimedes souls the problem screams
Eureka and he is so overwhelmed the runs
dripping naked through the streets to
the king's palace to report his
discovery
what is the moral of this story little
breakthrough will come wrong the point
of the story is the wife you listen to
your wife she will give you perspective
meaning you need a break you have to
take a bath or you will get nowhere
there will be no order only chaos
[Music]